https://erudera.com/germany/. Study in Germany. The Land of Poets and Thinkers. Studying in Germany is a dream for aspiring international students who have the dedication to succeed in their careers. Being at the forefront of innovation, science, and technology, Germany offers you thousands of study programs to choose from, in the English language, at its world-prestigious universities. Erudera’s Complete Guide to Studying in Germany as an International Student. Very few countries have figured out how to make the education system useful for modern times and prepare students for the ever-changing job market while they are still at university. Germany is one of those countries and leads the world on that front. With one of the best economies in Europe, an excellent higher education system, and outstanding healthcare, Germany makes a perfect study abroad destination. Germany’s dual education emphasizes research and apprenticeship and motivates over 400,000 international students to study in Germany every year. And if you didn’t already know, the majority of universities in Germany only require you to pay administrative fees of 250 euros or less per semester to get your degree, instead of the thousands of dollars you’d have to spend elsewhere on tuition fees alone. Eight German universities rank among the world’s top 100 universities. International students typically need no more than 853 EUR/month to live comfortably in Germany. Graduates in Germany have the second-highest employment rate in Europe as of 2017. There are 17,986 study programs available at 385 schools and universities in Germany, according to Erudera. Reasons to Study in Germany. Perfect place to study. The Western European country of Germany stands tall among the popular study destinations for international students. While tourists love to visit the beauty this country offers, students worldwide find its academic excellence to be one of its greatest assets. Matched with a rich culture, beautiful customs, and traditions, Germany easily makes one of the best places to study, work, socialize, and simply explore. Excellent higher education system. The higher education system in Germany is well-structured and highly recognized worldwide. German universities provide a wide range of degree programs that meet all fields of interest, are recognized globally, and offer practical and theoretical knowledge. Students enter higher education in Germany as ambitious individuals eager to learn more and graduate with the skills, knowledge, and confidence to step into the job market successfully. Free education. Another reason Germany is such an attractive study destination is the tuition cost, which is quite convenient for international students. Most public universities in Germany require no tuition fees at all, except for a few small administrative fees. This means that free education is a real thing in Germany. During a time when high tuition fees have become a worldwide issue, Germany provides a helping hand to eager international students. Work opportunities. Students in Germany also can work part-time to earn extra income. This is an excellent opportunity for international students who want to make money and create work ethics while studying to build their dream career. Germany offers numerous opportunities, so students can find time to study, work, explore the country, and make friendships along the way. This is why international students tend to love and recommend this country as a study destination. Affordable living costs. The reasonable cost of living in Germany gives international students the security they need when studying in a foreign country away from their homes and families. The overall living expenses a student would need are in line with the EU average, meaning items such as food, drink, study materials, and clothing are easily covered. Although rent might be a challenge, housing options, such as dorms or shared flats, enable students to spend less. Rich history & beautiful customsInternational students in Germany get to explore the beauty this country offers, with its fairytale landscapes and picturesque cities and towns. Its rich history and beautiful culture are reflected all over the country, echoing knowledge and beauty across each street. After studying in Germany, students get the chance to thrive in their careers since German qualifications are highly respected by employers nationwide and worldwide. Did you know? Germany has one of the world’s best healthcare systems, and health insurance is mandatory. Albert Einstein, Ludwig van Beethoven, Friedrich Nietzsche are just three among many famous German figures. International students can work part-time to earn extra money during their studies. Germany Higher Education System. German higher education system is exemplary in all areas and renowned worldwide for its academic excellence and well-established organization. In Germany, higher education is available in three main types of higher education institutions (HEIs), comprising universities, universities of applied sciences, and art and music colleges. The German higher education sector is popular worldwide, with international applicants from around the world. Students have the opportunity to pursue one of the many degree programs offered in Germany, including Bachelor’s, Master’s, and even Ph.D. programs. Dual studies, combining theoretical and practical knowledge to perfection, are essential, while the focus on research and innovation makes Germany a top-tier academic choice. Requirements Prospective international students in Germany should fulfill a set of requirements to become eligible applicants. After choosing a study program and higher education institution in Germany, students should make sure to meet all the admission requirements of their chosen university, including obtaining higher education entrance qualification, meeting the language proficiency requirements, or even entering the aptitude test known as Test AS in some instances. Students from particular countries are also required to apply for a visa to enter Germany, which adds another list of requirements to be filled, such as proof of financial resources and proof of health insurance. Although the requirements might appear challenging at first, they are a necessary part of the study abroad experience and are easily fulfilled with detailed instruction. Fees and Costs. The cost of living and studying in Germany is affordable, considering that most public German universities require no tuition fees at all. This has been one of the most significant encouragements for international students in Germany, ever since abolishing tuition fees in 2014. The great thing about studying in Germany as an international student is that you get to receive a quality education at low or no cost at all. In addition to a tuition-free education in Germany, the overall living expenses can also be considered affordable. You will easily afford everyday items; however, the cost of rent might be challenging. International students consider numerous factors when searching for a place to live, such as type, location, and size, which are the factors that determine the cost of accommodation in Germany. How to ApplyThe application process at German higher education institutions is pretty simple once you get the necessary information. This process largely depends on the university you apply to, the subject you are applying for, the university entrance qualifications you hold, as well as where you come from. Germany has numerous mediums of university applications through which international students can submit their documents, including applying directly to the higher education institution. But overall, applying to a university in Germany is not a complicated process. Still, it does require time, preparation, and determination, and it is always important to start getting information early on. Accommodation Finding. Accommodation in Germany can be a challenge to anyone, mostly international students heading towards Germany for the first time. Germany offers numerous accommodation options for international students, including student residence halls and private accommodation. Overall, student accommodation has many other layers, and there are things you should consider before making a decision and signing a contract. Students usually look for budget-friendly areas and options that differ depending on the university’s location and other circumstances, such as availability (and your preferences). Whether you are looking for a place where you could also socialize or would rather be alone, you can choose from different housing options.
https://erudera.com/austria/. Study in Austria. The Land of Endless Opportunities. What comes to one's mind when thinking of Austria? Most probably the perfect location and a very beautiful and most cultured country! Apart from its world-known universities, which make studying in Austria one of the perfect choices for international students, the mountainous landlocked country offers a great quality of life and is one of the safest countries in the EU, which makes exploring the country’s corners much easier. Erudera’s Complete Guide to Studying in Austria as an International Student. Some of the best universities in the world, an ever-increasing number of degree programs, and high-class teaching make Austria the perfect choice for studying abroad. Various Austrian cities house some of the best universities, and if you are coming from an EU country, the education system is pretty much the same. Moreover, what makes Austria an ideal destination to study is the fact that the quality of life in Austria is excellent, and compared to some other highly developed places such as the UK or United Stated, studying in this Alpine country is not very expensive. The rich culture and picturesque places are a welcomed bonus. Austrian National Library in Vienna is one of the world’s major libraries, with more than 2 million books. Did you know that the Austrian Alps cover 62% of Austria’s total land area? Geographic position. There are many reasons that make Austria a popular destination, not only for tourists but for international students as well. One reason to study in Austria is the fact that you have the rest of Europe on your doorstep, with neighboring countries like Germany, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Slovenia, Slovakia, Italy, Switzerland, and Liechtenstein, and you can go on a touring spree anytime. Educational Opportunities. Austrian universities have given the world some of the most renowned individuals such as Sigmund Freud or Erwin Schrödinger. Having universities that rank among the top universities in the world like the University of Vienna, University of Graz, Universität Innsbruck, and Tu Wien, studying in Austria is highly recommended. Work Opportunities. As an international student, you can work while studying in Austria. If you want to support your living and education situation, and if you are a citizen of one of the EU/EEA countries you do not need a work permit. On the other hand, those who are non-EU/EEA will need to get a work permit, which allows them to work up to 20 hours per week. Cultural History. Steeped in history, Austria is an ideal destination for international students who wish to explore the many cultural and historical places of the country. Some tourist destinations include: Austria’s Imperial Palace, Belvedere Palace, Schönbrunn Palace located in Vienna, the Medieval Burg Hochosterwitz castle, the ice caves located in Werfen and many more attractions that can be explored in your free time. Quality of Life Ranking above the average in wealth and earnings, Austria is also one the safest countries in Europe. With the low crime rate, its green spaces and the highest standards of living, the quality of life in Austria ranks among the best worldwide. Whether you are a person who likes quiet, green spaces, or loud crowded cities you can find both in the country of Austria. Higher Education System in Austria The Austrian education system works with the European three-tier system of degrees according to the Bologna Process. Degree programs in Austria’s higher education process include Bachelor’s Programmes and Master’s Programmes, with credits for bachelor studies not under 180 and for master studies not under 120. Even though the studying abroad application process comes with some challenges, the diversity of the numerous study programmes in Austria and the numerous useful information for international students that can be found online, make this process much easier. These will help you decide what field of study you want to choose, where you want to study and whether the program you have chosen is taught in the language you are proficient in. Requirements Apart from having an equivalent diploma to the Austrian educational system, depending on the country you are coming from, as an international student you might also need a visa or a residence permit. The official language in Austria is the German language.However, if you do not speak German, Austrian universities offer courses that are taught in English as well. It is important to note that whichever language you choose to study in, you will need to have a proof of language proficiency. A positive thing about Austrian universities is that they offer language courses to international students who do not meet the required language proficiency standards. Fees and Costs. When comparing Austria to other study destinations such as the UK or US, tuition fees and costs are not as high. Tuition fees and costs in Austria depend on your citizenship, your study programme, and whether you choose a public or private university. International students who are non-EU/EEA citizens are expected to pay €3,000 ($3,649) and up per year, depending on their program of study. While students who come from EU/EEA countries do not have to pay tuition fees, they pay membership fees. Nonetheless, it is important to know that there are a number of scholarships available for international students which you can look into. How to Apply. The process of applying to a university as an international student takes some time. Considering that courses in Austria are taught in both German and English, it is important to research whether your chosen field of study is taught in the language you are proficient in. If you come from a country that is not part of the EU/EEA, you need a visa to study in Austria, so starting the application process as early as possible is recommended. You will need personal documents such as your passport, CV, transcripts, and diplomas, depending on your field and level of study. Accommodation in Austria. If you have been admitted into an Austrian university as an international student, finding a place to live will be one of the first things you have to do. As opposed to many other countries, universities in Austria do not automatically assign on-campus accommodation, so as a student you have to search for one yourself.Options that are available for international students in regards to accommodation are student apartments, communal apartments, or student dormitories. This means that you can either choose private housing or student resident halls. Note that there are housing services available offered by different organizations for students.
https://erudera.com/france/. Study in France. The Country of Culture and Prestige. France is an academic hub for international students eager to gain knowledge and professional qualifications. Education in France is world-class, the higher education system is unique, and the tuition costs are affordable. On top of that, studying in France means easily entering the global job market, considering French qualifications are recognized worldwide. Erudera’s Complete Guide to Studying in France as an International Student. Being among the most affordable countries for international students and quality higher education qualifications, France has also placed itself on top of the list when it comes to innovation, quality, and education prestige. France is an ideal destination for ambitious students who have a thirst for knowledge and are curious to see what excellent higher education looks like. Over 350,000 international students are currently enrolled in the French higher education sector. Its higher education institutions, both state-funded and private, offer world-class education with state-of-the-art equipment and facilities, with some of the region’s most affordable fees. The study environments, and France in general, provide a diverse environment, where eager minds simply thrive. Did you know that 71 Nobel Laureates were born in France? Only in 2012, France awarded approximately 13,000 PhDs. French higher education tuition fees average around 2000 EUR/year for non-EU students. Excellent academic quality. France has its fair share of excellence in the educational quality in the higher education sector. Besides, being an international student in a multicultural country like France has various advantages. Gaining crucial knowledge, earning internationally-recognized qualifications, and creating an ideal career are just some of the benefits that come with studying abroad in France. Multicultural and diverse. Over 350,000 international students are enrolled in the French higher education sector, as of the latest statistics. This means that students enjoy a high level of diversity on campus and outside of campus. As an international student, you will learn about a wide range of cultures and exchange exciting experiences, which will benefit your personal growth. Rich intellectual cultureThe French are known to have a fascinating (and rich) tradition of philosophers, artists, and genius minds. Great people were born, raised, and educated in the French premises and educational system. International students in France learn so much about this rich tradition, the intellectual minds that impacted history, and those who created so much of the beauty we know as art nowadays. Extracurricular adventures. Once students get to experience the academic quality of French higher education institutions, one of the reasons they decide to study in France is also the numerous places to be, the various spots to visit, and the wide range of adventures to undertake. Merely a stroll around the Seine or Provence and its lavender fields will make the experience ten times better. Not to mention the museums, coffee shops, and galleries. Affordable education. Tuition fees in France are largely inexpensive, especially considering higher education quality. The highest tuition is in Engineering programs for students within the EEA, which can reach 600 EUR/year, while all other programs are below that price range. Other intl students will be required to pay a higher fee, typically no higher than 3,000 EUR/year for BA, and nearly 3,700 EUR/year for MA courses at public universities. Discount rates for studentsInternational students in France can benefit quite a lot from their student status, especially when it comes to discounted prices in numerous recreational activities. As a student, you will be able to pay way less than tourists when it comes to taking a guided tour at the Louvre or entering some of France’s most prestigious tourist spots. This will surely be a friend to your student budget while in France. Did you know? Did you know that around 13% of all postsecondary students in France are international. France issued over 6,000 scientific visas to researchers, from outside of the EU, in 2017 only. Paris has been ranked among the world’s best student cities. France Higher Education System. The French higher education system is highly regarded, qualified, and renowned for its expertise and prestige. In France, universities are not the most important institutions for higher education qualifications like in other countries. They have what is known as “Grandes Écoles,” which are very well-funded and have top-notch education and academic staff quality. Grandes Écoles are what essentially differentiates the French higher education system from that of most popular countries. Also, in France, students can find study degrees in a wide range of subjects, divided across various educational institutions. Depending on preferences, students may either choose to attend university, Grandes Écoles, specialized schools, or vocational education, all of which lead to career-oriented qualifications. Requirements Becoming an international student in France comes with requirements, which essentially start with choosing the right study program and being determined to go abroad. Among the requirements to study in France for international students, getting the full set of information is the unwritten and most-important prerequisite. France has a wide range of higher education institutions, all of which have their own criteria for the application process or language requirements. For students who need a visa to enter the country, additional requirements such as proof of financial stability and health insurance are added to the list. Fees and Costs. The tuition fees and costs of studying in France for international students are mostly reasonable. Tuition fees at public universities across the country are regulated by the French government and set EU international students back as little as 170 EUR/year. Non-EU international students in France must pay more in tuition fees than home and EU students, around 2,770 EUR/year for undergraduate programs. Principally, an international student in France can get by with around 900 EUR/month, or more/less, depending on their university location. Generally, the cost of everyday expenses in France is quite affordable, and this country is listed among the most affordable destinations to get an education for international students. How to Apply. Applying to a higher education institution in France for international students is slightly more strict and challenging than the process of application for French students. Although it requires more effort, the procedure is mostly comprehensive and efficient, considering it is usually done through a process known as the "Studies in France" procedure. The "Studies in France" procedure is mostly relevant for international students from non-EU countries of origin since EU/EEA students in France should typically abide by the same process as French students. However, over 350,000 international students currently in France have gone through the same process, proving it efficient and practical. Accommodation in France. It is not difficult to find accommodation in France for international students. However, what might be challenging is finding accommodation that is convenient concerning campus proximity and student finances. Student residence halls are one of the most preferred forms of accommodation for international students, considering they are affordable to a great extent and are usually relatively close to university campuses. Apart from residence halls, students also can live in rented accommodation or share a flat (and thus expenses) with other fellow students in France. Overall, the whole process of finding accommodation in France is mainly comprehensive, and the key is to always begin early on the accommodation hunt.
https://erudera.com/netherlands/. Study in Netherlands. Home of Rembrandt, Van Gogh, and Mondrian. You might have heard about the tulip fields, canals of Amsterdam, or the millions of bicycles in the Netherlands; however, once you hear about the country’s brilliant higher education sector, you will come to find the Netherlands to be an ideal destination to pursue your degree. Thousands of international students annually find an interest in studying in this country, making the Netherlands livelier, more diverse, and a great place to be (and study). Erudera’s Complete Guide to Studying in Netherlands as an International Student. With the comparatively low cost of living, high standard of education, and the central location on the map - the Netherlands offers international students the opportunity to enjoy an outstanding study abroad experience while getting their fair share of knowledge, exploration opportunities, and world-renowned qualifications. The Netherlands is recognized for its educational prestige, and Dutch universities are recognized internationally for their modern courses, facilities, and innovative education. What is best, international students will find thousands of English-taught degrees in numerous disciplines and study levels across the country. The Dutch bike a lot. In the Netherlands, there are around 37,000 kilometers of cycle paths. Did you know that the Netherlands has the tallest average height in the world? Educational Prestige. The Netherlands is packed with academic prestige, boasting one of the world’s oldest education systems. Some of the best universities can be found in the Netherlands, ranked globally for their quality of education, teaching methods, and expertise. Higher education programs in the Netherlands are renowned and recognized internationally. Travel Opportunities. Considering its central location on the map, the Netherlands provides numerous travel opportunities for the explorer in you. While in the Netherlands, you will have easy access to countries like Belgium, France, Germany, Spain, Switzerland, etc. Plenty to see and do during free time, which is quite an intriguing reason to study in the Netherlands. Growing Numbers of International Students. Official statistics show that the Netherlands is receiving an increase in international student numbers every year. Currently, almost 86,000 international students are enrolled in the country’s higher education sector, which is quite an increase from the year 2010, when there were only just above 48,000 intl students. English-Taught Degrees. You will be able to find plenty of English-taught degree programs in the Netherlands and numerous courses to choose from. The Netherlands is known to have the most extensive range of programs offered in English in Europe. At the same time, most of the population can speak English, making it easy and convenient for non-Dutch speaking students. Incredible Cycling Culture. Cycling is one of the most common forms of transport in the Netherlands, while also being efficient, environmentally friendly, and safe. There are plenty of bike lanes available and numerous bike locking spots. The Dutch embrace their cycling culture and make full use of its benefits, a convenient reason to study in the Netherlands for international students. Quality and Affordability. Education in the Netherlands is recognized internationally, and so are Dutch qualifications. What is best is that education comes at an affordable cost, especially compared to other destinations like the UK or US. This is among the reasons almost 86,000 international students have chosen the Netherlands to pursue their education in 2019 alone. Higher Education System in Netherlands. The higher education system in the Netherlands is offered at two types of institutions, including universities of applied sciences (hogescholen; HBO) and research universities (universiteiten; WO). Higher education institutions are then divided into three types, government-funded, approved, and private institutions (not covered by government regulations). Research-oriented education provides study at numerous disciplines, comprising twelve general universities and three technical institutions. Universities of applied sciences (HBO) offer higher education in agriculture, economics, business and management, teacher training, health care, engineering, and art. Requirements. There are four things to consider if you want to meet the requirements to study in the Netherlands for international students. One, get your finances in order; two, choose a university that suits your preferences; three, meet the university admission requirements; and four, obtain your student visa. Knowledge of the Dutch language is not a requirement for international students enrolling in English-taught degree programs. However, universities will ask for proof of English language proficiency, often either TOEFL or IELTS. This is why it is essential to begin the preparation as soon as possible. Fees and Costs. Tuition fees for international students within the EU/EEA are the same for home students in the Netherlands. EU students must pay somewhere over €2,000 for an academic year. Non-EU/EEA students, on the other hand, will pay approximately between € 6,000 and €15,000 for undergraduate programs and between €8,000 and €20,000 for Masters. Tuition fees and costs in the Netherlands also depend on the field of study; for example, degrees in social sciences tend to be cheaper, while medical degrees tend to be the most expensive. International students are typically required to have between €800-€1,200 per month to cover all living expenses, including accommodation, food, and entertainment. How to Apply. The application process to study in the Netherlands begins by choosing the institution you want to pursue your studies. After you have selected the perfect institution, you should check the admission criteria, which usually requires meeting the language proficiency (either English or Dutch, depending on the program’s language). The Netherlands has its centralized admissions service known as Studielink, which is typically used to apply at Dutch universities. However, students are not always required to apply through this service and might instead submit their application directly at the university. When there are limited places available, the GPA will decide whether you gain admission or not. Accommodation in Netherlands There are different accommodation forms in the Netherlands for international students, depending on preferences and budget. In the Netherlands, students do not usually live on-campus, as do many students in other countries, but go instead for what is known as ‘student houses. ’Student houses in the Netherlands are privately-owned houses designed to host three to six students, each having their room. Student apartments are also another option, and they typically accommodate more students than houses. Although not as common, university housing is also among accommodation options for international students.
https://erudera.com/spain/. Study in Spain. State of Siesta, Sun, and Sand. If you are looking for quality, affordability, and a great study abroad experience packed with exploration opportunities back and forth, Spain is the perfect choice for you. This country with a wonderful climate offers international students an excellent education, globally recognized degrees, laid-back culture and lifestyle, and a place to grow and excel. Erudera’s Complete Guide to Studying in Spain as an International Student. The international student community in Spain is growing by the year, meaning more and more ambitious students are choosing Spain as their study abroad destination. This results from a brilliant higher education system, which offers a wide range of study choices while also giving students the opportunity of hands-on experience to become the best in their chosen fields. The global market is easily reachable through Spanish qualifications, knowledge, and skills. Graduates enter the job market fully confident and able to tackle any industry-related obstacles. The benefits of studying abroad in Spain are unlimited, starting from the opportunity to discover yourself to discover outstanding friendships and create your dream career. The oldest university in Spain is the University of Salamanca, founded in 1134. Spanish is the second most widely spoken language globally by native speakers. Don Quixote, written by Spanish writer Miguel de Cervantes, is considered to be the world’s first ‘modern’ novel. Affordability.  In comparison to other European countries, Spain is much more budget-friendly. You will be able to receive a quality education at a reasonable price. The cost of living is also affordable, especially considering the excellent living conditions. You will have the opportunity to find cheaper/more expensive areas depending on your budget and lifestyle. Perfecting the Language. Spanish is a beautiful language, and even if you are attending an English-speaking university, you will have plenty of opportunities to practice your Spanish. It is always fun to learn a new language, especially when the language is the second most spoken in the world. Being surrounded by Spaniards, you will find yourself speaking Spanish in no time. Enjoying the Culture. The Spanish culture reflects just how unique this country is, and it showcases its artistic heritage and history. Famous for Flamenco music and dance, beautiful beaches, art, and bullfights, this country is also recognized for its hospitality and kindness. Being around Spaniards is definitely a fulfilling experience. Exploration Opportunities. There is so much to see and do in Spain, starting from the beautiful beaches to historical monuments and enchanting architecture. The cathedrals, fortresses, and simple houses in Spain are a sight for sore eyes. The countryside is lovely, and the cities are vibrant, and there is always the beach, a perfect balance between the two. Quality Education. One of the most important aspects to consider when choosing a study abroad destination is the quality of the country’s education. Spain offers world-class education and has attracted almost 200,000 international students in 2019. Students from all over the world, including Italy, France, Columbia, and China, are attracted to Spain’s higher education. Lovely Climate. Spain has a wonderful year-round climate, including lots of sunshine. You will be able to find all four seasons in Spain, and fantastic weather in each of them. Although the temperatures vary in different regions of the country, you will be able to enjoy mild weather and have plenty of opportunities to explore the great outdoors (including beaches). Higher Education System in Spain. The higher education system in Spain has gained a lot of popularity among international students. It comprises university education, advanced vocational training, and specialized education, including advanced Artistic and Sports education. There are currently 79 universities in Spain, 50 of which are funded by the state. Degree programs in Spanish universities are provided at three cycles, including Bachelor, Master, and Doctoral Degrees. Advanced vocational training includes programs leading to qualifications in numerous professional fields. All types of higher education in Spain aim to provide learners with the possibility to integrate into the labor market successfully. Requirements Meeting the admission requirements, obtaining a student visa, meeting the financial requirements, and finding accommodation are some of the most important requirements to study in Spain for international students. Many English-speaking universities will ask for proof of English proficiency as well. Admitted applicants should apply for a student visa to enter and reside in Spain during their studies. Subsequently, health insurance and financial stability are part of the visa application requirements. It is crucial to begin early, so there is enough time to meet deadlines adequately. Fees and Costs. Spain offers some of the lowest tuition fees and costs in Europe, meaning students enjoy quality education and great living conditions at an affordable cost. Tuition fees at universities in Spain are charged through a Pay-per-Credit format. International students pay approximately up to 2,000 EUR/year at public universities. Costs of living in Spain for international students are quite reasonable, averaging somewhere between 900-1000 EUR/month. This amount, however, can be lower depending on the location. For example, larger cities will be much more expensive than smaller towns. The cost also depends on accommodation type and lifestyle. How to Apply. The application process to study in Spain depends on the country you have finished high school. To apply for a bachelor’s degree program in Spain, for example, you will have to obtain a ‘credential’ that validates your eligibility to pursue university studies in Spain, which is only applicable when applying for a first-cycle program. Non-EU students can get their eligibility validation through the Spanish embassy and consulate in their home country. Students applying from EU member countries or China should submit their application through SNUDE (Spanish National University for Distance Education). Usually, students should submit their documents in the Spanish language. Accommodation in Spain. Student accommodation in Spain is usually provided by universities, at student halls of residence. This is also one of the most convenient accommodation forms in terms of cost, socialization, and campus proximity. There are also other accommodation forms in Spain to suit all student needs and circumstances. International students in Spain tend to either go for on-campus housing, living with host families or sharing an apartment with roommates. Living with roommates means students get to share the cost of rent and utilities while living in a sociable environment. This is a perfect option for those who cannot secure university accommodation.
https://erudera.com/sweden/. Study in Sweden. The Nation of Innovation. Sweden might just be the perfect study abroad destination for you if you are looking for a culturally diverse country that provides innovative teaching and learning methods while at the same time maintaining a budget-friendly cost of living. This country allows international students to feel at home by offering an environment that is welcoming, friendly, and supportive (both in and out of academia). Erudera’s Complete Guide to Studying in Sweden as an International Student. As one of the countries with the highest quality of life in the world, Sweden attracts thousands of new international students every year. Ambitious students find Sweden to be their perfect choice to pursue their degree, considering it places great importance on preparing students for the job market by emphasizing practice-oriented studies that enhance creativity and innovation. Sweden is a sustainable country with a wonderful culture and great outdoors. International students can benefit from numerous scholarships, but even the cost of studying is comparatively lower than in many other international student hubs. Studying in Sweden means being part of an environment that values helping students find solutions that work in the real world. The oldest universities in Sweden are Uppsala University founded in 1477, and Lund University, founded in 1666. Sweden has given the world a great music experience, including ABBA, Swedish House Mafia, Zara Larsson, and Avicii. Learn Swedish. Although Sweden has thousands of English-taught programs, you might still be interested in learning Swedish. Many universities in Sweden offer international students the opportunity to pursue part-time language courses. Learning the language is a great advantage considering it increases employment chances and you will have plenty of options to practice, whether you are attending a course or not. Enhance Critical and Creative Thinking The Swedish academia emphasizes enhancing critical thinking and creativity. Rather than studying by the textbook, you will practice your knowledge in real-life situations. Students are always encouraged to find creative and innovative solutions to everyday problems, gaining an extra edge in the job market. Work During and After Studies International students in Sweden can work full-time during their studies, or at least work as many hours as they wish in a part-time job, considering there is no limit on the number of hours allowed. After graduation, students may extend their residence permit for up to 6 months and look for employment in Sweden. Enjoy the Culture & Outdoors Sweden is an absolutely beautiful country to be in, with plenty of natural activities to engage in, such as camping, skiing, hiking, fishing, etc. The Swedish pay a lot of attention to humbleness, calmness, equality, and respect. They also love their coffee and pour a lot of skill into their cuisine. The Swedish outdoors is green and outstanding, but the urban architecture is also one of a kind. High-Quality of Life Sweden is known for the high quality of life, which encourages an active lifestyle. Excellent healthcare, comprehensive public transport, regulated working hours, sustainability, and a clean environment are what define life in Sweden. This country ranks among the top countries with the highest quality of life in the world, which is a great reason to study in Sweden. Grow, Grow, Grow Another reason to study in Sweden is the opportunity to grow, either professionally or personally. Sweden provides a culturally diverse environment, where you will meet people from around the world and create connections and friendships. While international student statistics are increasing, currently, Sweden boasts over 37,000 international students in its universities. Higher Education System in Sweden. The Swedish higher education system has over 30 public universities and public university colleges, and several independent higher education institutions. These universities offer degree programs in line with the European standard, and most courses require full-time study. The higher education sector in Sweden has excellent and unique teaching methods, including interactive classrooms, and a great emphasis on critical thinking. Swedish universities offer degree programs in all study levels and thousands of English-taught courses while continually ranking among the top universities in global lists. Requirements International students typically begin early to prepare to meet certain studying abroad requirements. After choosing a study program in one of the Swedish universities, three of the most important requirements to study in Sweden for international students include securing the funds, gaining university admission, and obtaining a visa. Students from EU/EEA member countries do not need to obtain a visa to study in Sweden, unlike applicants from non-EU/EEA member countries. Securing sufficient funds through scholarships or self-funding is a requirement for both parties. However, non-EU students will need to prove financial stability during the visa application process. Fees and Costs. Tuition fees and costs in Sweden for international students can be affordable if you start securing your finances as early as possible. While there are numerous scholarships available for international students, many students will have to cover the expenses of living and studying in Sweden, on their own, either through savings or part-time jobs. Tuition fees in Sweden range between SEK 80,000 ($9,302) and SEK 295,000 ($34,302), but the exact cost depends on the university of your choice, degree program, as well as the level of study. On average, international students will need around SEK 8,500 ($950) to cover living expenses in Sweden, including accommodation. How to Apply. The application process to study in Sweden for international students can be challenging, but it is nothing to worry about if you begin early. You can submit your application online through Sweden’s centralized university admission system, either in Bachelor’s or Masters degree programs, in whatever discipline you are interested in. Depending on the program’s language, you will have to prove language proficiency as part of the application process. You will have to submit general documents that prove you meet the entry requirements and documents showing you meet program-specific requirements. You will also have to pay an application fee. Accommodation in Sweden. Accommodation in Sweden for international students mainly comes in two main types, including student accommodation, such as corridor rooms or student flats, and privately rented accommodation, such as a studio apartment. Student accommodation tends to be cheaper and often close to the university, meaning it is also quite competitive. You will generally need around SEK 8,500 ($950) per month to cover living expenses in Sweden. Still, you will be able to spend even less (and sometimes more) depending on your spending habits, lifestyle, type of accommodation, and other factors. On average, you will spend about SEK 4,200 ($486) on accommodation in Sweden as an international student.
https://erudera.com/switzerland/. Study in Switzerland. Where Research and Development Flourish. With the beautiful Alps and Jura mountains, the glacial lakes, the stunning cities, and villages no wonder that visiting Switzerland is on the bucket list of so many people. The Alpine country offers not only the most fairytale-like views and the best chocolate and cheese, but it also offers the best education system for anyone who is interested to study there. Getting the opportunity to study in Switzerland would most probably result in a life-changing experience. Erudera’s Complete Guide to Studying in Switzerland as an International Student. As a global center for innovation, diversity, networking, and stability, Switzerland is a popular choice for international students. Even though it is a small European country, it has been welcoming international students for quite some time now. The long tradition of providing educational excellence, having classrooms with views of beautiful mountains and peaks make studying in Switzerland a unique experience for international students. In addition to that, the Alpine country is also one of the cleanest countries worldwide. They have excellent public transport, and one of the best health systems. International students will also be happy to hear that the country offers one of the highest salaries in the world. Switzerland has four national languages, French, German, Italian, and Romansh. Einstein developed his famous formula for Mass-energy equivalence while living and studying in Bern, Switzerland. Study programs. One main reason why Switzerland is a great choice for international students is the fact that Swiss universities offer a wide range of study programs. As a multilingual country with four official languages, students will have a considerable amount of options to choose from. Even though the primary languages of instruction are French and German, many Swiss universities also offer courses in English. Diversity With four official languages, German, French, Italian, and Romansh, Switzerland is a melting pot of cultures, attracting thousands of international students every year. The multilingualism present in the country offers students opportunities to learn new languages, which can give their career a significant boost after their graduation, but also during their studies as well. Swiss Public Transport Switzerland has a very dense public transport system. The Swiss use different means of transports like trains, buses, trams, and boats. One interesting thing about the Swiss public transport is its train network. The whole of Switzerland is covered by railways that give people the opportunity to see the beauties of the country from the comfort of their seats. Safety. A bonus reason to study in Switzerland is the low crime rate. For years now, Switzerland has ranked high in the lists of the most secure places worldwide. One thing that makes it a safe country is its strict laws. Even though a big majority of the population own a gun, not anyone can buy one. The Swiss government has set some rules, and conditions based on which a person can be eligible to own a gun. Swiss Cuisine Switzerland surely has the most epic cheese and chocolate there is, however, there is definitely more than cheese and chocolate to Swiss cuisine. Traditional food like Fondue, Papet Vaudois, Rosti, Raclette, and numerous others make Switzerland a must-visit destination. Nature. The breathtaking natural beauty like the lakes, rivers and Alps on your doorstep are an additional reason that makes Switzerland the best destination for studying. Whichever part of the country you choose for your studies, you can be rest assured that you will be spoiled with magnificent views. Higher Education System in Switzerland. Swiss Universities offer a wide range of study programs. As an international student, you will have numerous options to choose from. Having universities such as ETH Zurich (Swiss Federal Institute of Technology), Ecole Polytechnique Federale de Lausanne and the University of Zurich ranked in the top 100 worldwide establishes the fact that a Swiss diploma is recognized anywhere in the world. Swiss Higher Education system consists of Universities, Universities of Applied Sciences and Arts, and Universities of Teacher Education. Switzerland also has a Higher Vocational System which is then formed by Advanced Vocational Colleges. International students are allowed to work while studying, but there are restrictions. Students who are not EU/EFTA citizens can only work 6 months after arriving in the state. There is also a limitation on the number of working hours. Requirements Most Universities in Switzerland will require you to submit a considerable amount of documents as part of your application. Depending on the level of education you are aiming to pursue, general documents include your CV, certified copies of your transcripts, certified copies of your diplomas, and their translation in one of the official languages of Switzerland. Another requirement is language proficiency. As Switzerland has four official languages you can choose a university whose language of instruction is the same as the one you are proficient in. Note that if you do not speak any of the four languages, there are universities that use English as the language of instruction. Fees and Costs Tuition fees are one of the first concerns of students who want to study abroad. Luckily, the cost of education in Switzerland is substantially lower than in other highly developed countries. Depending on your institution, tuition fees for an entire program can range from as low as CHF 5,000 ($5,510) up to CHF 24,000 ($26,450). Keep in mind that private universities or different fields of study might have higher tuition fees. Living costs are another concern for international students. They are quite high, but they also depend on what part of the country you are going to live in. Monthly expenses, including tuition fees and living expenses, round up to at least CHF 2,000 ($2,204). The fact that living costs in Switzerland are quite high is undeniable, however, there are options to lower your monthly living expenses and one of them is by sharing a flat with other students. How to Apply. There are a few steps you need to take in order to apply to a Swiss university. First is choosing a University and a Program. Second, you need to check the admission requirements and make sure that you meet the criteria for admission. The third step is contacting the university, which will provide you with the necessary information about the application deadlines, the required documents, and the admission process. If you are an international student who is coming from a country other than those part of the EU/EFTA, then you should consider the visa application procedure as well. Most Swiss universities have an online application portal, therefore students can also send online applications. Accommodation in Switzerland If you are an international student moving to Switzerland, finding the right accommodation might take some time. Switzerland offers three housing options to international students: first is finding accommodation through the housing office of the university (in student residences), second is finding accommodation through private rental (i.e. shared apartments), and third is living with a Swiss family. It is important to know that the type and number of options related to accommodation depend on the location of your university. If you want to make the transition to studying abroad as smooth as possible, it is best you start looking for housing early.
https://erudera.com/united-kingdom/. Study in United Kingdom. Home of Bowie, Shakespeare, and The Queen. The UK has a leading position in higher education, innovation, and scientific research, which attracts international students from all over the world to pursue their studies here. Its academic brilliance is not the only thing bringing international students to UK premises. Although the UK provides plenty of career-oriented opportunities for students, it also offers dedicated and curious students the possibility to grow, explore, travel, and succeed in numerous aspects of life. Erudera’s Complete Guide to Studying in UK as an International Student. The United Kingdom is one of the world’s best countries for producing qualitative scientific research. This excellence is also reflected in other academic sectors, especially in the quality of graduates UK universities create. Thousands of international students head towards UK universities each year, wishing to be part of an education that sets forward their careers. Culture thrives in the UK, and there are numerous opportunities to advance academically and practice the language. The UK has a rich history, exciting heritage, and it is also one of the most diverse countries in the world. The higher education system is world-renowned, people are friendly, and the cost of living is affordable, making the UK an ideal place to study abroad. The University of Oxford in the UK is the oldest university in the English-speaking world. There is evidence of teaching as early as 1096. Did you know that the British drink around 100 million cups of tea each day, which means about 36 billion per year? Excellent Academia The UK has been renowned for its quality of education for centuries now, with its universities ranking among top global universities. Eighteen UK universities have been ranked among the top 100 in the QS World University Rankings for 2021, with four of them ranking in the top ten! These world-leading universities offer the knowledge necessary for a better future. Work Opportunities. This country offers numerous work opportunities for international students, especially once the new Graduate Route, which allows international students to stay in the UK for up to two years and look for employment, is released in 2021. Students may also have the option of relocating to the UK permanently if they find employment related to their study field. This should be among the top reasons to study in the UK for international students. Cultural Exchange In a country where 485,645 international students gather to pursue their qualifications, cultural exchange is inevitable. Students learn more about different cultures, customs, and traditions, which allows them to become knowledgeable individuals. Learning about other cultures is one of the most incredible things about studying abroad. Global ConnectionsAmong the reasons to study in the UK is also the opportunity to create as many global connections as possible. Unless you are staying in your room all day, you will definitely create numerous new connections around the world. You will make new friends, new potential business partners, or even potential employers. The UK offers all these and more. Worldwide Recognition. Having your qualifications recognized worldwide is among the top reasons to study in the UK for international students. This is the simplest way to create a global career and enter the global labor market. British qualifications are recognized and highly valued by employers around the world. UK universities offer cutting-edge education, using some of the world’s latest technologies across their degree programs. UK Higher Education System. The higher education system in the United Kingdom is recognized worldwide for its outstanding command of academia. Higher education in the UK comprises 143 universities, where competition is usually quite intense. Undergraduate courses typically take three years to finish in England, while in Scotland, an undergraduate program will typically take four years to complete. Numerous universities in the UK offer what is known as “sandwich courses,” including 4-year undergraduate programs, with one year in the workplace (usually in the 3rd year). Postgraduate programs in the UK offer a wide range of options to choose from, with master’s programs typically taking 1-2 years to complete and Ph.D. programs taking three years. Requirements Prospective applicants are expected to meet certain requirements to be eligible to study in the UK. Among the main requirements to study in the UK for international students is providing proof of financial stability. International students should prove they have sufficient funds to cover their living expenses in the UK, an average of £12,000 or $15,000 per year, excluding tuition fees. International students are also required to meet all the admission requirements in the higher education institution they want to study, including proof of English language proficiency (e.g., IELTS test). The visa application process is also part of the requirements, and it should be done as soon as the student receives their letter of admission to a UK university.Fees and CostsTuition fees and costs in the UK for international students depend on certain factors such as the student’s country of origin, city of residence in the UK, and university and degree program. International students from non-EU countries of origin must pay higher tuition fees than home students. The same will apply to EU students as well, once Brexit takes full effect. Excluding tuition fees, international students will need approximately £12,000/$15,000 per year to live comfortably in the UK. Tuition fees for international students in the UK are around £14,096 ($18,227) per year for classroom-based courses. Fees for laboratory and clinical programs are typically higher, while master’s programs can go up to £18,914 ($24,458) per year. However, many students opt for scholarships, which are plentiful in the UK. How to Apply International students are required to apply to study in the UK through the University and Colleges Admission Service (UCAS). This platform processes all applications for university admission in the UK. Through UCAS, you can select up to five universities to apply to, and an identical application will be sent to each of these universities via the platform. Typically, students are expected to research the test scores and specific requirements of the university they wish to attend; and provide all necessary documentation to UCAS, including a personal statement, a reference letter, and the paid fee to UCAS. The process should not be challenging, but students should be careful and apply on time. Accommodation in UK. Rent is one of the main expenses for international students in the UK, and prices can vary depending on the location. Accommodation in the UK for international students includes student halls of residence and rented apartments (or flatshares). Student halls of residence are often the most convenient form of accommodation in terms of affordability, but they are highly competitive. International students also tend to choose rented accommodation or simply rent a room in a shared apartment. This form of accommodation allows students to share the monthly cost of rent and utilities with other students and, this way, pay less for accommodation in the UK. Rent in London, especially in the city center, is usually more expensive than in other British cities.
